Add doc about how to get self subject attributes (#35385)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/access-application-cluster/configure-access-multiple-clusters.md

$Env:KUBECONFIG=$ENV:KUBECONFIG_SAVED
```

> ## Check th subject represented by the kubeconfig

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Check the subject represented by the kubeconfig
```

It is not always obvious what attributes (username, groups) you will get after authenticating to the cluster. 
It can be even more challenging if you are managing more than one cluster at the same time.

There is a notable command to check subject attributes represented by contexts of your kubeconfig file - `kubectl alpha auth whoami`.

> [Here](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/authentication/#self-subject-review) you can read about the feature in detail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read [API access to authentication information for a client](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/authentication/#self-subject-review)
to learn about this in more detail.
```

$Env:KUBECONFIG=$ENV:KUBECONFIG_SAVED
```

## Check the subject represented by the kubeconfig

It is not always obvious what attributes (username, groups) you will get after authenticating to the cluster. 
It can be even more challenging if you are managing more than one cluster at the same time.

> There is a notable command to check subject attributes represented by contexts of your kubeconfig file - `kubectl alpha auth whoami`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a `kubectl` alpha subcommand command to check subject attributes, such as username,
for your selected Kubernetes client context: `kubectl alpha auth whoami`.
```
